README.md, before:

# 🎵 Create AI Musician Agent

Create an AI Musician Agent powered by CDP AgentKit with a single command. This tool helps you quickly set up an AI agent designed to help musicians promote and manage their music releases using onchain technology.

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
npx create-agentkit-app my-musician-agent
cd my-musician-agent
npm install
npm start
```

## 🎼 What You Get

Your new AI Musician Agent comes with:

- NFT Creation and Management for Music Releases
- Onchain Wallet Management for Music Revenue
- Social Token Deployment for Fan Engagement
- Smart Contract Integration for Music Rights
- Automated Campaign Management

## 📋 Requirements

- Node.js 18+
- [CDP API Key](https://portal.cdp.coinbase.com/access/api)
- [OpenAI API Key](https://platform.openai.com/docs/quickstart#create-and-export-an-api-key)

## ⚙️ Configuration

After creating your project, set up your environment variables:

1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env`
2. Fill in your API keys:
   ```env
   CDP_API_KEY_NAME=your_key_name_here
   CDP_API_KEY_PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key_here
   OPENAI_API_KEY=your_openai_api_key_here
   NETWORK_ID=base-sepolia  # Optional, defaults to base-sepolia
   ```

## 💬 Example Commands

Once running, try these commands:

- "Create an NFT collection for my new single"
- "Deploy a social token for my fan community"
- "Set up a wallet for music royalties"
- "Create a promotional campaign for my latest release"
- "Register an ENS name for my artist profile"

## 🛠️ Development

Your project includes these npm scripts:

```bash
npm start     # Start the agent in interactive mode
npm run dev   # Start with hot reload
npm run lint  # Check code style
```

## 📄 License

MIT License - Created by sweetman.eth

Commit message:

update README.md    actual: README.md mentions AgentKit    required: README.md mentions Eliza + AgentKit

README.md, after:

# 🤖 Create AgentKit App

Create an AI agent powered by Eliza and CDP AgentKit with a single command. This tool helps you quickly set up a powerful conversational AI agent that can be customized for your specific use case.

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
npx create-agentkit-app my-agent
cd my-agent
cp .env.example .env
# edit .env file with your own values
pnpm install
pnpm start
```

## ✨ What You Get

Your new AI agent comes with:

- Eliza's powerful conversational capabilities
- CDP AgentKit's robust agent framework
- Multi-client support (Auto, Telegram, Twitter)
- Extensible plugin system
- Built-in caching and database support
- Production-ready infrastructure

## 📋 Requirements

- Node.js 22+
- [CDP API Key](https://portal.cdp.coinbase.com/access/api)

## ⚙️ Configuration

After creating your project, set up your environment variables:

1. Copy `.env.example` to `.env`
2. Set up your environment variables:
   ```env
   CDP_API_KEY_NAME=your_key_name_here
   CDP_API_KEY_PRIVATE_KEY=your_private_key_here
   CDP_AGENT_KIT_NETWORK=base-sepolia  # Optional, defaults to base-sepolia
   TELEGRAM_BOT_TOKEN=your_telegram_bot_token_here
   ```

## 💬 Example Commands

Once running, try these commands:

- "Create an NFT collection for my new single"
- "Deploy a social token for my fan community"
- "Set up a wallet for music royalties"
- "Create a promotional campaign for my latest release"
- "Register an ENS name for my artist profile"

## 🔌 Extending Your Agent

The agent is built with Eliza and AgentKit, giving you access to:

- Customizable character definitions
- Multiple messaging clients
- Extensible plugin system
- Database adapters
- Caching system
- Production deployment tools

## 📄 License

MIT License - Created by sweetman.eth
